issue-3467 Add option to disable Network Policy Generation. (#5258)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* Open Policy Agent authorizer updated to a new version supporting Scala 2.13. See the _Changes, deprecations and removals_ sections for more details. (#5192)
* Allow a custom password to be set for SCRAM-SHA-512 users by referencing a secret in the `KafkaUser` resource
* Add support for `tls-external` authentication to User Operator to allow management of ACLs and Quotas for TLS users with user certificates generated externally (#5249) 

> * Add support for disabling generation of network policies (Available via the `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable, disabling this will disable network policies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for disabling the automatic generation of network policies for listeners. Users can now use the Cluster Operator's `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable to disable network policies.
```

Author: Thanks @PaulRMellor , I like your phrasing better but just wanted to also remove the "for listeners" part.
This applies to all Network Policies and the Cluster Operator generates policies for Metrics too.
I have change to:
`* Support for disabling the automatic generation of network policies by the Cluster Operator. Set the Cluster Operator's `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable to `false` to disable network policies.`
Let me know if this is acceptable.

Reviewer: Thanks @davidjlynn - i took out the listener part when I realised what this was about. :-) See above^

> * Support for disabling the automatic generation of network policies by the Cluster Operator. Set the Cluster Operator's `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable to `false` to disable network policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for disabling the automatic generation of network policies by the Cluster Operator. Set the Cluster Operator's `STRIMZI_NETWORK_POLICY_GENERATION` environment variable to `false` to disable network policies. (#5258)
```
